The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah. Just say yes. Make me feel good. Yeah, I wouldn't, yeah.
I can't recall anyone.
Definitely the first with a purple and blue.
Oh, well it' a full rainbow man. Oh, oh.
Yeah. It's right. All the way down the back. Oh, very, very nice. Absolutely.
Very nice. Now I, first of all, I love your handle.
<laugh> world strong was gay. That's me. That that's hilarious. Does,
is there in that community? Is there acceptance? Is there open?
Is it just about like,
they don't give a just as long as you're a real strongman.
Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, no. It's um, yeah, when I came out it was super cool. Uh,
nobody really gave me any. Um, that's the best part about strongman, you know,
I know you had Rob OB in here. Yeah. Not too long ago. And he even mentioned,
yeah know, he's something, but <laugh>, I love him. Um, you know,
he mentioned just like the community of, of strong men,
so is awesome because like,
we all realize what we have to do to get to this level of sport.
And we all have to be a little bit of, you know,
sick and twisted in the head to look at a truck and get excited to pull it
<laugh>. Um, so yeah, when I came out, like nobody really gave a.
They were just like, all right. As long as you can still lift weights,
we don't care. Yeah. That's.
Uh, it mirrors the comedy community in that way. For sure.
Like stand up comedy community. Nobody gives a. No.
As long as you're funny and you're doing your job,
like that's all they really matters. And.
We know some that are in the closet and we're like, come on, man.
Just no one cares come out. No one, no one gives a. It'll.
Probably be funnier. Right.
It's the more subject matter for.
Sure. You know, not holding onto as much. It's easier to talk. Like, you know,
when I came out, just like, you know, the, you know,
weight off my shoulders was, uh, was unbelievable.
What, how long ago was this? Uh.
That was 2014. So I was 22 years old. Oh, okay. Yeah. So I am,
I was a late bloomer in the gay world. Was it.
Like when you were in high school and like when, first of all, when,
when do you know?
You know, I don't know that I, like, I don't remember,
like I never had like an aha moment per se. Um,
for me it was going through high school.
Like I was involved in a bunch of stuff, you know,
it was a cheer or actually also played football, um,
was doing the weightlifting thing, like was class president.
So had my hands in a bunch of different pots, college,
super into everything as well. Um,
and really just focused on school and actually dated a girl for like a year and
a half in college. In college. Yeah. Um, did.
You ever date a boy? No. So, but did you like, oh. I wish she was a boy.
I mean, she's cool, but <laugh>.
It was, yeah, pretty much, you know, it was, uh, it was,
it was more like a friendship than a relationship, I guess is the way to put it.
No, you know, like we were cool and everything and everything was going well,
but like nothing else was really going on when.
You came out, was she like, aha.
Uh, that I, that was the reason I broke up with her. Oh, you came out because,
you know, meanwhile, you know, I'm dating this girl,
but I'm watching gay porn when she's not around. I'm like, uh, this isn't right.
There's something else going on here. So.
Did you like, was it gay porn, like finding gay porn? You're like,
that's what I like.
Pretty much really. Yeah. <laugh>.
Gay porn is thought of very differently than straight porn because like straight
porn there, here's the rub in the straight community. You look at straight porn.
You're like, ah, especially someone like me who has daughters see.
Somebody probably did something awful to those girls when they were young.
Like that's like nine out of 10 times. Yeah. Like,
and that's why they turned to porn. But when you see gay porn, it's like, ah,
a couple dudes like to. <laugh> pretty.
Much <laugh>. It's.
Like, even like I' had Dan Savage on and you know,
we were talking about gay porn. He is like, it',
they don't think of it the same way. No, not at all.
No. Um, yeah, so I, I ended up breaking up with that girl. Um, and I told her,
I was like, yeah, like, I think I'm gay and I need to like, figure this out.
You know, I'm 22. I wanna at least enjoy my twenties. You know,
trying to figure out if I, if I like dudes or not, was she.
Like, I turned Rob gay. Uh.
She was not very nice about it. <laugh> well, she won. She freak out. Really?
Yeah. It didn't, it went downhill pretty quickly after. Oh really? So, oh yeah.
Like we were living together at the time. Like we were,
cause we were in college, so like, um,
like kind of living together and then like I got kicked out and
was like living in my car for a little while. So it was yeah. Kind of a show.
Wow. She kicked you out. Yeah. Wow. She didn't even <laugh>.
<Laugh>.
Did you stay in contact with her? No, not even.
A little bit. Wow. Uh, yeah. Then like, you know,
like six months later she's like blowing up my phone saying I gave her
chlamydia. I was like, uh it's doesn't not on me months. Not on me.
That's it's been longer than that too, since we were doing anything. So, oh,
that's hilarious.
Yeah. I don't think you keep chlamydia in your system dormant. Right? I wouldn'.
When you get.
It, you get it<laugh>.
I think so. I've, I've dodged that bullet luckily,
but that seems like one that I think you just get it and then it's bad.
Yeah. It doesn't seem to pleasant.
I mean, I don't think it, and.
That was awkward too.
Cuz like all those like calls and everything were coming through when I was with
my now husband, Joey.
So like we were dating at that time and now my exgirlfriend is blowing to my
phone saying I gave her the clap, but was he laughing
at first? He was what the is going on?
Cause like we literally had been dating for two months. Oh.
So it was like super new. So he is like, what the did I get myself into? Right.
Because you were a new to the whole new world. Totally. Yeah. Yeah.
So that's crazy. So you, you become, you decide, okay. I,
I gotta deal with reality. I'm gay. Yep. You meet that one guy. Yeah.
And then you're still with him.
Still married. Yeah. With him. We just got married this past March.
That almost been a year. That's.
Kind of crazy. Yeah. Like you didn't even play the field just.
No, no, I got real, you know, it's funny. Like I joke about this all the time.
Cuz like we met in like the typical millennial gay way on Grindr <laugh> um,
and you know, I was, I wasn't even out actually before we met.
So like on Grindr, I was like that shirtless torso pick. Oh. Cause I was still,
you know, good move. Yeah. Yeah. Obviously. And he was sure goods <laugh> no,
they not that good. But he thought they were so, um, so we, he, like he knows,
saw me pop up in the area and was like, oh who's this messaged me.
And I thought he was catfishing me.
Cause I thought he was way too hot for me thought he was outta my league. Um,
so I kind of just like got really lucky with the first guy that came my way.
That's um, that's gotta be weird for her, right? Yeah.
Like God,
imagine a girl you're with a guy <laugh> and you're like, man,
something is wrong with our relationship.
<Laugh> I mean, it's literally like the most like,
like it's there's no more other like it's me it's you or no it's it's not you
it's me. Right? Um.
No that, that is the, it's not.
You. I don't think there's anywhere to go, you know, higher than.
That. Well, unless you want to go pray the gay away that doesn't work.
No. But is it, that is like a way that some people try to fix it,
you know, particularly like Uber, religious folks. Yeah. It is hilarious, man.
I think it's fricking funny. I mean, you know, like, and I, I get a lot of,
I mean obviously like with an Instagram handle world, strongest gay,
I get more on a daily basis on social media than I can even count. Um,
and most of it's from like religious people really? Oh yeah.
Like they're sending me like VI Bible verses and like telling me like I need to
convert to Christianity and.
Probably the way they're probably jerking off while they're doing it.
Probably probably thinking about you, my, you need to, you need to stop it,
stop being so okay. And delicious.
<Laugh> my, uh, my go-to response is, you know, Hey man, I don't read fiction.
So you keep doing that. Um, but I just always think it's funny because you know,
they're like, you know, gay PE like,
obviously I'm very open about my sexuality on social media and you know,
world strongest man has been super supportive of it.
They had roll strongest man in June during pride month this year and did a
whole, like little expose about me, which was awesome. And uh,
the comments on the world, strongest man, they're like,
you're pushing the gay agenda, like all this. And I'm like, listen,
man' like the only agenda we're pushing is like,
I just wanna be treated like everybody else. And like get the same that you do.
You know, I've never once like tried to make someone, you know, like,
meanwhile Christians are in my DM saying like, you need to convert. I'm like,
Hey, you need to suck a Dick. Like, ah, that's.
The gay agenda is a hilarious phrase, but there's an agenda.
I still don't even know what it is. So whoever's listening.
If you could like hit me up and let me know, I'd love to learn about it. Yeah.
You need to get in a tighterknit club. I guess I do.
The gay agenda. I guess the rainbow mahawk doesn't make me that gay.
If I i'unno know.
What is, what a hilarious thing that like, you're gonna,
it's not like you're trying to get someone to be a Mormon. No,
you're the gay or you're not gay. Exactly. Yeah. Why do,
but why does someone think that's like,
that's the weirdest kind of homophobiaic to me, like I,
I had a bit in one of my, uh, specials in the past. What?
Like there's two types of people that are afraid of gay marriage is that people
that are really dumb or they're secretly worri that are delicious. And I.
I share that <laugh> all the time on my social media, just so you know,
I think it's amazing.
But that's what it is like worried about the gay agenda.
Like they're gonna come get me. No,
they're gonna get me to suck those delicious. <laugh> that's what it's like.
It's like, they're afraid. It's unbelievable.
I think it's hysterical to, to be honest, it is hysterical.
But, well, I was real lucky when I was a kid.
I was exposed to gay people real young when I was, uh, seven years old,
we moved to San Francisco super. Oh yeah. Super. Yeah.
In the 19 supernineteen seventies, it was gay as.
And so I was around 'em all the time.
Like my next door neighbor was this gay couple and my aunt used to go next door
and they would get, they would get naked smoke pot and play bongos together.
Sick. Yeah. It was pretty crazy. <laugh> so for me that was normal life.
I was just like gay. I was around gay people.
I didn't even hear the term until I was 11. And we moved to Florida.
I remember hearing that when I was 11, like, oh wow. Like I had a, my friend,
um, his name was, um,
candy candiddido he's a Cuban kid. And his dad was real mad.
Cause gay people getting married, he was reading this newspaper.
Can't believe this throws his new paper down. And he was a grown man.
I remember being 11 goes, why is he giving a? Like how weird literally.
Doesn't affect him at all at all. But he.
Was so upset. Yeah. But it's a, but, but it was important for me to see,
because I didn't know people like that.
So to be around my friend's dad and see him freak out like that, I was like, oh,
what a weird thing to waste your time thinking about for sure.
I mean that's and you were super lucky to have that kind of upbringing. Yeah.
You not see that ugly part of, you know, the world. Cause I mean,
the thing is with me, you know,
I'm fortunate enough where like not many people like talk to me in person.
Right. You know, like I'm, I'm an average size strong man.
Like I'm not really that big of a dude.
What's the average size drama. You like 300 pounds. And I'm.
The smallest guy that I.
How, how much do you weigh?
Uh, I'm like 2 85 right now. Yeah.
That's not average size bro. <laugh>.
Well, I mean, I just competed this weekend against Brian Shaw. The four 20.
Yeah. That's you know, and six foot eight I'm five 10, like, Hey man. Cool. Um,
you know, so like I'm fortunate. Like most people don't talk to me personally.
It's like all on social media,
but it did happen one time in Texas of all places I had just finished a truck
pull event. Uh, and this guy was like, call me a from the stands,
like all this stuff. And like, I just stopped to look and I was like, dude,
I suck Dick. And I'm stronger than you. Ah,
and the whole crowd just kind of like went quiet and then he walked away.
They just went quiet.
<Laugh> yeah.
They didn't like, you know, I, I think like in that situation, like I,
I feel like people feel like they're invincible.
Like they feel like they have the power because they're in the crowd. Yeah.
And like,
they don't expect like somebody like who's competing to like say something back
to 'em. Right. But like, I'm not gonna ha like need to take that.
It's amazing. It's only when one guy though, yeah.
That shows you how the times are changing for sure.
No, and I, yeah, it's in, you know, luckily like, you know,
I was dubbed like the unofficial fan favorite at world's strongest man this
year. So it's really cool to see the support throughout the entire community.
How.
Do you get dubbed the unofficial fan favorite? Really? Who I.
Was getting like the loudest applause whenever my night name got announced.
And really, so the announcers just kind of were calling me the fan favorite.
That's cool.
It, I I'm happy with the way things are going with acceptance.
Totally.
It's changing. Right. It's getting a lot better. Um, you know,
we're super fortunate and that's kind of like when I came out, like I'm,
I'm lucky because I had this, like,
I really don't give a mental when I came out. Um,
I didn't care what people thought. I didn't care who thought, you know,
if they didn't like me, they didn't like me. I would just cut 'em out. Um,
you know, fortunately I didn't have to do that. How, how.
Did that transpire? Was it because the weight of it was so it was, it,
it gave you so much relief that you felt like who gives a now, now I'm free.
Was it like that? There was, there was.
A lot that went into it. Um, so I like, in my mind,
I didn't like want to come out until I, I, it seems dumb now.
Like until I knew I was really gay. Um, and I guess, you know,
dating my now husband for six weeks, that was kind of the tipping point.
And at that point in our relationship, we had kind of realized like, all right,
this wasn't just gonna be like a fling and just having fun.
Like we were actually, you know,
taking the steps to kind of be committed and see what was gonna happen here.
Not expecting marriage, but, um, so
I came out mainly because of him because he had,
he had been out since he was 17.
And at this point we were 22 and I didn't feel like it was fair for him to be in
a relationship with somebody that was still in the closet. Mm. Uh,
and that was like my biggest motivator for it.
And once you, so you, so you were already happy,
so you're in this happy relationship. So if people were upset at you,
you're like, I don't give a. I have what I want. I'm in a better place. Yeah.
And you also, I mean, it must feel I'm putting words in your mouth,
but it must feel like when you do become out or you do come out,
it must feel like a, the, not just a relief, but
like you're, you, you you've solidified, you're fine. You're free, you're you?
Yeah.
I mean, it's, it's exhausting, like waking up every day,
pretending to be somebody you're not. Yeah. You know,
like you literally have to act different than you want to. Did you.
Have to talk to a, about girls to guys, like when you were around? Yeah.
Look at her boy couldn. I.
I was always just like, I, the funny thing is like, after I came out,
like nobody was surprised. <laugh> um,
<laugh> so I feel like I was the guy that was just kinda like in the back around
like awkwardly laughing when guys were talking about girls, I'm like, huh? Yeah,
totally. But I was just looking at the guys in bulges, like, you know,
right behind them. That's.
Hilarious. Do you remember a year, like when you were young, when you were like,
Hey, something might be different? Um.
You know, I think like, I think back to like middle school, um,
and you know, I think it's just like the stereotypical, like I was into theater,
I was into music. I played sports, but wasn't really that good at them. Um,
and actually was a cheerleader in middle school too. Like I was, I did,
I joined my first cheerleading team in seventh grade. And you know,
the funny thing is, is, you know,
there was tryouts in every thing and I got the fourth highest score out of all
the girls. So I figured that was, you know,
a little telltale sign as that was sign. Yeah. Yeah.